Map now raises the file that failed to load if it errors on reading. (#3727)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3727.bugfix.rst

> Now when `~sunpy.map.GenericMap` fails to load a file, it will raise the filename.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now when `~sunpy.map.GenericMap` fails to load a file, the filename that failed to load will now be part of the error message.
```
